A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame and a little less than his share of the credit. - John Maxwell
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. - George Patton
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. – Hugh Downs
A leader ... is like a shepherd. He stays behind the flock, letting the most nimble go out ahead, whereupon the others follow, not realizing that all along they are being directed from behind. - Nelson Mandela
A leader is a dealer in hope. - Napoleon
A leader isn't someone who forces others to make him stronger; a leader is someone willing to give his strength to others so that they may have the strength to stand on their own. - Beth Revis
A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don't necessarily want to go but ought to be. - Rosalynn Carter
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. - J.P. Morgan
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. - Unknown
Act or accept. – Anonymous
Adversity introduces a man to himself. – Author Unknown
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. – Mark Twain
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Always remember, Son, the best boss is the one who bosses the least. Whether it's cattle, or horses, or men, the least government is the best government. - Ralph Moody
An idea can turn to dust or magic, depending on the talent that rubs against it. – Bill Bernbach
An obstacle is often a stepping stone. – Prescott
An unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates
Anyone can do something when they WANT to do it. Really successful people do things when they don't want to do it. – Dr. Phil
Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you. - Jesus
Attitudes are contagious. Make yours worth catching. – Unknown
Average leaders raise the bar on themselves; good leaders raise the bar for others; great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar. - Orrin Woodward
Being defeated is only a temporary condition; giving up is what makes it permanent. – Marilyn vos Savant, Author and Advice Columnist
Being responsible sometimes means pissing people off. - Colin Powell
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time...serenity, that nothing is. - Thomas Szasz
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. - Farrah Gray
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day – Robert Frost
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. - Ancient Indian Proverb
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. - Joshua J. Marine
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
Consensus: the process of abandoning all beliefs, principles, values, and policies in search of something in which no one believes, but to which no one objects; the process of avoiding the very issues that have to be solved, merely because you cannot get agreement on the way ahead. What great cause would have been fought and won under the banner: 'I stand for consensus?' - Margaret Thatcher
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear -- not absence of fear. - Mark Twain
Defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it. – Joe Clark
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. - W. Clement Stone
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. – Napoleon Hill
Do first things first, and second things not at all. – Peter Drucker.
Do it or not. There is no try. - Yoda
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. – John Wooden
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. – William B. Sprague
Do what you can, where you are, with what you have. - Teddy Roosevelt
Do what you have always done and you'll get what you have always got. - Sue Knight
Do you know that one of the great problems of our age is that we are governed by people who care more about feelings than they do about thoughts and ideas. - Margaret Thatcher
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter. - Jaachynma N.E. Agu
Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was. – Richard L. Evans
Don't tell people how to do things; tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results. - George S. Patton Jr.
Dream big and dare to fail. - Norman Vaughan
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. - Gloria Steinem
Education costs money. But then so does ignorance. - Sir Claus Moser
Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Woody Allen
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. - Benjamin Franklin
Either you run the day, or the day runs you. - Jim Rohn
Enduring habits I hate…. Yes, at the very bottom of my soul I feel grateful to all my misery and bouts of sickness and everything about me that is imperfect, because this sort of thing leaves me with a hundred backdoors through which I can escape from enduring habits. – Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science, 1882
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. – Samuel Beckett
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. - Pablo Picasso
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. - Babe Ruth
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. - Confucius
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing. - Albert Schweitzer
Expecting life to treat you well because you are a good person is like expecting an angry bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian. - Shari R. Barr
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want. – Dan Stanford
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. – Truman Capote
Fall down seven times, get up eight. - Japanese Proverb
Fall seven times and stand up eight. - Japanese Proverb
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. - William Arthur Ward
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him. - Booker T. Washington
First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end. - Aristotle
Flops are a part of life's menu and I've never been a girl to miss out on any of the courses. – Rosalind Russell
Focus on the journey, not the destination. Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it. - Greg Anderson
Give as few orders as possible, - his father had told him once long ago.  -Once you've given orders on a subject, you must always give orders on that subject. - Frank Herbert (from Dune)
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. - Henry David Thoreau
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. – Albert Einstein
Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
Happiness is where we find it, but very rarely where we seek it. - J. Petit Senn
Have the passion, take the action & magic will happen. – Bar Rafaeli
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. – Friedrich Nietzsche
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. - Anne Frank
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else. – Winston Churchill
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. - Stephen Covey
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. - Florence Nightingale
I can't understand why people are frightened by new ideas. I'm frightened by old ones. – John Cage
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, which is: Try to please everybody. - Herbert Bayard Swope
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself. - Robert E. Lee
I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. - Benjamin Franklin
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. - Leonardo da Vinci
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. - Rosa Parks
I know for sure that what we dwell on is who we become. – Oprah Winfrey
I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. - Albert Einstein
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. - Vincent van Gogh
I've learned that no matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow. – Maya Angelou
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. - Maya Angelou
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. - Maya Angelou
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. – Michael Jordan
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. - Latin Proverb
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. - Jim Rohn
If you are willing to do more than you are paid to do, eventually you will be paid to do more than you do. - Anonymous
If you can dream it, you can achieve it. - Zig Ziglar
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. - Tony Robbins
If you hear a voice within you say "you cannot paint," then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. - Vincent Van Gogh
If you keep saying things are going to be bad, you have a chance of being a prophet. – Isaac B. Singer
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. - Oprah Winfrey
If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing. - Brad Szollose
If you spend your life trying to be good at everything, you will never be great at anything. - Tom Rath
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. - Booker T. Washington
If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up. – J.M. Power
If you want to test your memory, try to recall what you were worrying about one year ago today. – E. Joseph Cossman
If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money. - Abigail Van Buren
If you worry about yesterday's failures, then today's successes will be few. - Anonymous
If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right. But do not care to convince him. Men will believe what they see. Let them see. - Henry David Thoreau
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill
If you're going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now. – Marie Osmond
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on. - Sheryl Sandberg
In a battle between two ideas, the best one doesn't necessarily win. No, the idea that wins is the one with the most fearless heretic behind it. - Seth Godin
In any situation, the best thing you can do is the right thing; the next best thing you can do is the wrong thing; the worst thing you can do is nothing. – Theodore Roosevelt
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. - Thomas Jefferson
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. - Bill Cosby
In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. - Max De Pree
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on. – Robert Frost
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. - Charles Darwin
It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings. - Ann Landers
It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. - Abraham Lincoln
It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live. - Mae Jemison
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great. – Mark Twain
Keep on going and the chances are you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I have never heard of anyone stumbling on something sitting down. – Charles F. Kettering, Engineer and Inventor
Keep your eyes open and try to catch people in your company doing something right, then praise them for it. - Tom Hopkins
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them. - John C. Maxwell
Leadership is an action, not a position. - Donald McGannon
Leadership is not about titles, positions, or flowcharts. It is about one life influencing another. - John C. Maxwell
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. - Charles Swindoll
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. - Dennis P. Kimbro
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. - Voltaire
Life is about making an impact, not making an income. - Kevin Kruse
Life is not about ALL the wrong moves you made, Life is about the one right move that made ALL the difference. – James Lockhart
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. - Maya Angelou
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. - Grandma Moses
Life is “trying things to see if they work” - Ray Bradbury
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being. - Kevin Kruse
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. - Anais Nin
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. - Jamie Paolinetti
Losers visualize the penalties of failure. Winners visualize the rewards of success. – Unknown
Low self-confidence isn't a life sentence. Self-confidence can be learned, practiced, and mastered-just like any other skill. Once you master it, everything in your life will change for the better. - Barrie Davenport
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. - Peter F. Drucker
Many great ideas go unexecuted, and many great executioners are without ideas. One without the other is worthless. – Tim Blixseth
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas A. Edison
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly. – Stephen R. Covey
Much of the stress that people feel doesn't come from having too much to do. It comes from not finishing what they've started. - David Allen
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, "I'm possible!" - Audrey Hepburn
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther King Jr.
People become really quite remarkable when they start thinking that they can do things. When they believe in themselves they have the first secret of success. – Norman Vincent Peale
People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision. - John Maxwell
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. That's why we recommend it daily. - Zig Ziglar
People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Positive anything is better than negative thinking. - Elbert Hubbard
Power isn't control at all-power is strength, and giving that strength to others. A leader isn't someone who forces others to make him stronger; a leader is someone willing to give his strength to others that they may have the strength to stand on their own. - Beth Revis
Rarely have I seen a situation where doing less than the other guy is a good strategy. - Jimmy Spithill
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. – Roy Goodman
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. - Dalai Lama
Remember, teamwork begins by building trust. And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability. - Patrick Lencioni
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others; it is the only means. – Albert Einstein
Show me the man you honor and I will know what kind of man you are. - Thomas John Carlisle
Shyness has a strange element of narcissism, a belief that how we look, how we perform, is truly important to other people. - Andre Dubus
Silent gratitude isn't very much to anyone. - Gertrude Stein
Some succeed because they are destined. Some succeed because they are determined. – Unknown
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage. – Seneca
Sometimes you just got to give yourself what you wish someone else would give you. – Dr Phil
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. – Richard Bach
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. - Mahatma Gandhi
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. - Albert Einstein
Success at the highest level comes down to one question: Can you decide that your happiness can come from someone else's success? - Bill Walton
Success consists of doing the common things of life uncommonly well. – Unknown
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. – Dr. Joyce Brothers
Success is not to be measured by the position someone has reached in life, but the obstacles he has overcome while trying to succeed. - Booker T. Washington
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm. – Sir Winston Churchill
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but don't quit. – Conrad Hilton
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. - Henry David Thoreau
Successful and unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in their abilities. They vary in their desires to reach their potential. - John Maxwell
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier; wish you were better. - Jim Rohn
Surround yourself with great people; delegate authority; get out of the way. - Ronald Reagan
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.” – Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life-think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. - Swami Vivekananda
Talent is formed in solitude, character in the bustle of the world. – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Teach thy tongue to say, "I do not know," and thous shalt progress. - Maimonides
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. – William James
The art of leadership is saying no, not yes. It is very easy to say yes. - Tony Blair
The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself--the invisible battles inside all of us--that's where it's at. - Jesse Owens
The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it. - Theodore Roosevelt
The best revenge is massive success. - Frank Sinatra
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. - Chinese Proverb
The best way out is always through. – Robert Frost
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. – Mark Twain
The best way to predict the future is to create it. – Unknown
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. – Unknown
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. - Bruce Feirstein
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets people to do the greatest things. - Ronald Reagan
The mark of a great man is one who knows when to set aside the important things in order to accomplish the vital ones. - Brandon Sanderson
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. - William Arthur Ward
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. - Alice Walker
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. - Amelia Earhart
The No. 1 reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. - Napoleon Hill
The only people who find what they are looking for in life are the fault finders. – Foster's Law
The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you. - John E. Southard
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. - Chinese Proverb
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. - Ayn Rand
The secret to life is meaningless unless you discover it yourself. – W. Somerset Maugham
The successful warrior is the average man, with laserlike focus. - Bruce Lee
The sun shines and warms and lights us and we have no curiosity to know why this is so; but we ask the reason of all evil, of pain, and hunger, and mosquitoes and silly people. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. – Richard B. Sheridan
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. - Mark Twain
The world is more malleable than you think and it's waiting for you to hammer it into shape. – Bono
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. - Roger Staubach
There are only two rules for being successful. One, figure out exactly what you want to do, and two, do it. – Mario Cuomo
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them. – Dr. Denis Waitley
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. - Ray Goforth
There is a difference between being a leader and being a boss. Both are based on authority. A boss demands blind obedience; a leader earns his authority through understanding and trust. - Klaus Balkenhol
There is no education like adversity. – Disraeli
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. - Aristotle
Think of what you have rather than of what you lack. Of the things you have, select the best and then reflect how eagerly you would have sought them if you did not have them. - Marcus Aurelius
Those who wish to sing, always find a song. - Swedish Proverb
To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. – Elbert Hubbard
To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek. - Alan Cohen
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. - Les Brown
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. - Albert Einstein
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover. - Mark Twain
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. – Mark Twain
Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. - Mark Twain
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference. - Robert Frost
Victory has a hundred fathers and defeat is an orphan. - John F. Kennedy
View your life from your funeral: Looking back at your life experiences, what have you accomplished? What would you have wanted to accomplish but didn't? What were the happy moments? What were the sad? What would you do again, and what wouldn't you do? - Victor Frankl
Vision doesn't usually come as a lightening bolt. Rather it comes as a slow crystallization of life challenges that we one day recognize as a beautiful diamond with great value to ourselves and others. – Dr. Michael Norwood
Vision without action is daydream. Action without vision is nightmare. – Japanese Proverb
We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. – Aristotle
We become what we think about. - Earl Nightingale
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. - Plato
We judge of man's wisdom by his hope. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. - Marie Curie
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail? - Robert Schuller
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say — Ralph Waldo Emerson
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. – Goethe
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. - Bob Dylan
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. - Napoleon Hill
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it. – Mahatma Gandhi
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. - Henry Ford
When I hear somebody sigh, ‘Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, ‘Compared to what? – Sydney Harris
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. - Lao Tzu
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me. - Erma Bombeck
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life. - John Lennon
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us. - Helen Keller
When you put together deep knowledge about a subject that intensely matters to you, charisma happens. You gain courage to share your passion, and when you do that, folks follow. - Jerry Porras
Whenever you find whole world against you just turn around and lead the world. – Anonymous
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect. – Mark Twain
Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision. - Peter F. Drucker
Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. - Vaibhav Shah
Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great. - Machiavelli.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. – Henry Ford
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right. - Henry Ford
Winners lose much more often than losers. So if you keep losing but you're still trying, keep it up! You're right on track. – Matthew Keith Groves
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. - Vince Lombardi
Wisdom equals knowledge plus courage. You have to not only know what to do and when to do it, but you have to also be brave enough to follow through. - Jarod Kintz
You are what you think about all day long. — Dr. Robert Schuller
You become what you believe. - Oprah Winfrey
You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want. – Zig Ziglar
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. - Christopher Columbus
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something -- your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. - Steve Jobs
You can't fall if you don't climb. But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground. - Unknown
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. - Maya Angelou
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you stop to look fear in the face. – Eleanor Roosevelt
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for. - Nancy D. Solomon
You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right. If you're not passionate enough from the start, you'll never stick it out. - Steve Jobs
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. - Beverly Sills
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. - Margaret Thatcher
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
You must be the change you want to see in the world. – Mahatma Gandhi
You never regret being kind. - Nicole Shepherd
You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame. - Erica Jong
You wouldn't worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
